JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
MIKE PENCE, Vice President of
the United States:
The era of strategic patience is
over.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Vice President
Pence's warning
to North Korea, after its
failure to launch
a test missile over the weekend
raises questions
about what the Trump
administration is prepared
to do.
Then: In Turkey, a narrow
referendum victory
expands the role of Turkey's
president.
What does this power play mean
for a deeply
divided country and its allies?
Also tonight: One man in India
aims to break
through a taboo by making
hygiene products
affordable.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: This is the
model for
how Muruganantham would like to
see his product
distributed, thousands of small
factories
run by groups of women producing
these sanitary
pads at very low cost and
selling them directly
to women.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And ahead of a
closely watched
special election tomorrow in
Georgia, our
Politics Monday team maps out
the week.
All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour"
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The
long-simmering standoff
between the United States and
North Korea
is heating up again, with new
warnings from
both President Trump and Vice
President Pence.
Our chief foreign affairs
correspondent, Margaret
Warner, begins our coverage.
MARGARET WARNER: The warnings
started at the
demilitarized zone dividing the
Koreas, where
Mr. Pence vowed action to
achieve a nuclear-free
Korean Peninsula.
Later, in Seoul, he said that,
if productive
talks didn't start and do the
job, President
Obama has demonstrated he won't
shrink from
military action.
MIKE PENCE, Vice President of
the United States:
The world witnessed the strength
and resolve
of our new president in actions
taken in Syria
and Afghanistan.
North Korea would do well not to
test his
resolve or the strength of the
armed forces
of the United States in this
region.
MARGARET WARNER: Mr. Pence also
declared again
that the U.S. and its allies
will act, unless
China its influence to rein in
North Korea.
In Washington, President Trump
took a moment
out from the White House Easter
egg roll to
send his own briefing warning.
QUESTION: Any message for North
Korea?
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
Got to behave.
MARGARET WARNER: But at the
United Nations,
the deputy ambassador from North
Korea, officially
the Democratic People's Republic
of Korea,
or DPRK, was defiant.
®MD-BO /KIM IN RYONG, Deputy
North Korean
Ambassador to the United
Nations: The DPRK
is ready to react to any mode of
war desired
by the Americans.
MARGARET WARNER: The dueling
rhetoric came
after North Korea's ballistic
missile launch
on Sunday, which U.S. officials
say blew up
within seconds.
A day earlier, Pyongyang had
paraded containers
large enough to hold new
long-range ballistic
missiles through the capital.
There had been expectations the
North would
also carry out its sixth nuclear
test, but
no test occurred.
Today, though, the vice foreign
minister told
the BBC that his government will
be testing
missiles weekly, and he warned
of a preemptive
nuclear strike by the North if
the U.S. takes
military action.
Opinions among South Koreans
seem sharply
divided.
WOMAN (through translator): As
Trump became
president, the policies seem
likely to become
more oppressive, and it worries
me that war
might actually break out.
MAN (through translator): In
fact, I believe
we have to strongly respond to
North Korea's
provocation.
MARGARET WARNER: Mr. Pence today
echoed other
top officials in saying the
Obama era policy
of strategic patience with the
North is over.
He will look for more regional
support as
he travels on to Japan,
Indonesia and Australia.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Margaret Warner.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the day's
other news: Wall
Street rallied broadly after the
weekend passed
without military conflict over
North Korea.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 183
points to close near 20637.
The Nasdaq rose 51, and the S&P
500 added
20.
Also today, South Korea's
recently ousted
President Park Geun-hye was
indicted on charges
of bribery, extortion and abuse
of power.
She could get life in prison, if
she's convicted.
Park was arrested after being
removed from
office.
It's alleged that she and a
longtime confidant
solicited bribes from businesses
while she
was president.
Hundreds of Palestinians in
Israeli prisons
launched a hunger strike today,
in the largest
such action in five years.
To show their solidarity,
thousands staged
marches in the West Bank and
Gaza.
They condemned conditions in the
jails and
the Israeli policy of detention
without trial.
MAN (through translator): When
prisoners go
on hunger strike, they feel the
freedom.
It is a way to resist.
We can win the battle with our
empty stomachs,
and it is a message to the
international community
and the free people in the world
that Palestinians
seek freedom.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Israeli officials
say the strike
is politically motivated, and
that it denied
-- it also denies that inmates
are being mistreated.
In Sri Lanka, search teams have
now recovered
at least 29 bodies from a
massive garbage
slide that buried dozens of
homes Friday night.
Today, soldiers kept looking in
the huge dump
near Colombo, joined by
relatives of dozens
of people still missing.
Crews worked with heavy
equipment to clear
the mud and trash.
Newly minted Supreme Court
Justice Neil Gorsuch
heard his first set of arguments
today with
fellow justices.
It was an employment
discrimination case,
and it was only 11 minutes into
the hearing
when he asked his first
question.
At one point, Gorsuch said he
was sorry for
taking up so much time.
Britain's Prince Harry now says
that he suffered
from repressed grief and
depression for almost
20 years after the death of his
mother, Princess
Diana.
Harry was 12 when she died.
He's now 32.
He tells The Daily Telegraph
that he came
close to what he called a
complete breakdown
more than once.
He says he's now in counseling,
talking openly
about his feelings and doing
better.
And president and Mrs. Trump
hosted their
first Easter egg roll at the
White House today.
The first couple welcomed the
crowd from the
Truman Balcony for the annual
event that goes
back nearly 140 years.
Later, the president greeted
visitors while
the first lady read to children.
More than 21,000 people
attended.
That's actually down from 35,000
last year.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
what's next
for U.S. policy toward North
Korea after the
failure of another missile
launch; Turkey's
president wins expanded powers
in a controversial
power play; making essential
products in India
more affordable; and much more.
power play; making essential
products in India
more affordable; and much more.
We return to our top story,
North Korea, its
missile and nuclear programs,
and the tougher
line being drawn with the regime
by the Trump
administration.
I spoke a short time ago with
William Perry,
who served as defense secretary
under President
Bill Clinton.
After Mr. Perry left that post,
he led a diplomatic
effort on North Korea.
I started by asking how he
interprets the
Trump administration position
that the time
for strategic patience is over.
®MD-BO /WILLIAM PERRY, Former
U.S. Defense
Secretary: I think it means that
they're prepared
to take more drastic action and
they're certainly
implying that military action
could be a part
of that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And do you think
that that's
an approach that is likely to
bring about
a response from the North Korean
regime that
the U.S. wants?
WILLIAM PERRY: Well, I think
that this is
an unusually dangerous time,
because of both
what North Korea is saying and
doing and what
the administration is thinking
of doing.
My own view is that a military
action, while
might be appropriate at some
time, is not
yet appropriate.
I think there is still time for
diplomacy
and there's time for effective
diplomacy,
but it must be coercive
diplomacy.
The earlier diplomacy for the
last two administrations
has been quite ineffective.
Now, paradoxically, precisely
because of the
dangers, I think we have the
opportunity to
conduct some effective
diplomacy, although
this is going to be coercive
diplomacy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And what do you
mean by coercive
diplomacy?
WILLIAM PERRY: Diplomacy which
threatens actions
which are going to hurt North
Korea.
We have in the -- past two
administrations
had sanctions as our element and
course of
diplomacy, but they were very
ineffective
and very weak.
Now, because of the present
situation, we're
in a position to provide really
powerful disincentives,
very powerful efforts, much more
so than the
sanctions.
The two changes are that China,
which in the
past has not shown much concern
over the North
Korean nuclear weapon, they're
now being greatly
concerned, seeing that this
could threaten
their very core interests.
And, therefore, I think China
would be willing
at this stage to take very
powerful actions
in their economy, like holding
back food and
holding back fuel.
On the other hand, the threat of
military
action against North Korea in
the past has
not really been a credible one,
but I think
it may have become credible in
the last few
months.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And why do you
think the Chinese
would be ready to be tougher
right now than
they have been before?
WILLIAM PERRY: They see their
core interests
being very heavily threatened
right now.
Certainly, a war on the Korean
Peninsula would
be very detrimental to their
core interests.
And the possibility of either
South Korea
or Japan going nuclear are
really quite detrimental
to their core interests.
So, having that in mind, I think
they're willing
to take serious action.
I do not see that China can
solve this problem
alone.
I do not suggest that.
But China and the United States
working together
could put together a very
powerful set of
disincentives that can effect a
coercive diplomacy
that has good chance, I think,
of being effective.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And when you say
the U.S. suggests
it's prepared to take military
action, isn't
there a very real risk, though,
that the North
could go after, successfully hit
South Korea
because it's so close?
WILLIAM PERRY: I think there is
a very great
risk in taking military action.
And I do not recommend that at
this time.
My point, though, is that North
Korea has
to believe there is a
possibility now, a very
real possibility of military
action, and that
has to affect their calculus on
how seriously
they will negotiate.
So I'm not recommending military
action, but
I think that the threat of
military action
has become credible to North
Korea now.
And I think, therefore, they may
be much more
willing to negotiate seriously.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you see the
leadership
in the North, Kim Jong-un, the
people around
him, as being rational, thinking
rationally
about this?
WILLIAM PERRY: I think that the
regime in
North Korea today is not crazy.
It's evil and it's reckless, but
it's not
crazy.
Their primary goal, which
assuredly has been
effective for many decades now,
is to preserve
their regime and power.
That's what they're trying to
do, and that's
their calculus and it's a
rational calculus.
We need to respond to that.
And we do not -- if we think
they're crazy,
then we would have to be worried
about making
a preemptive nuclear strike
against South
Korea, say.
They're not crazy, because they
know that,
if they do that, that their
country will face
devastation and their leadership
will be swept
out of power.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And what do you
think the chances
are, Bill Perry, of there being
an accident
of some sort of that could lead
to military
action, a misinterpretation?
WILLIAM PERRY: The reason I do
not favor military
action now is because, once a
military action
starts, it will get out -- it
will escalate,
and is all too easy to get out
of control.
It could escalate on to a total
general war.
It's a war which North Korea
would, in fact,
lose, but as they were losing
it, and as they
saw their regime being swept
away and their
country being devastated, they
might then
use nuclear weapons, one last
dangerous, but
one last sort of an Armageddon,
before they
were swept out of power.
So, the danger of nuclear war
here is not
that North Korea would
deliberately start
one and provoke like a surprise
attack on
South Korea.
The danger is that we would
blunder in a nuclear
war by a military conflict, a
conventional
military conflict and a
conventional war escalating
into that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Finally, how
worried should
the American people be about
this?
WILLIAM PERRY: I am very
alarmed.
I'm alarmed because, if we move
into a military
action, even a minor military
action, the
danger of escalation, I think,
is very great.
This is not Syria we're
attacking.
That is country that undoubtedly
would respond
with a military response to
South Korea.
And then, as I said, that action
could very
well escalate into a general war
and even
a nuclear war.
So I'm concerned for that
reason.
So I think this is an
opportunity.
This is an opportunity to
conduct coercive
diplomacy that can be effective.
And the question only is, will
we see that
opportunity and seize it?
BLITZER: Former Secretary of
Defense William
Perry, we thank you.
WILLIAM PERRY: Thank you, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In a
controversial referendum
yesterday, the people of Turkey
voted by a
thin margin for the biggest
overhaul of Turkey's
politics since the founding of
the modern
republic.
Among the most significant
changes, a transition
from a parliamentary to a
presidential system
that could lead to a major
consolidation of
power by the nation's leader.
Our Jeffrey Brown has that.
JEFFREY BROWN: Flag-waving
supporters greeted
Turkish President Recep Tayyip
Erdogan in
Ankara today, after he won
sweeping new powers
in Sunday's referendum.
RECEP TAYYIP ERDOGAN, Turkish
President (through
translator): We have put up a
fight against
the powerful nations of the
world.
The crusader mentality attacked
us abroad.
Inside, their lackeys attacked
us.
We didn't succumb.
As a nation, we stood strong.
JEFFREY BROWN: But amid the
celebration, questions
about the vote's validity.
Turkey's main opposition party
decried a decision
by the national elections board
to accept
ballots without an official
stamp.
BULENT TEZCAN, Turkish
Politician (through
translator): The only decision
that will end
the debate about the legitimacy
of the vote
and ease the people's legal
concerns is the
annulment of this referendum by
the high
JEFFREY BROWN: International
observers pointed
to the intimidation of Erdogan's
opponents.
WOMAN: Our team observed the
misuse of administrative
resources and the obstruction of
efforts by
parties and civil society
organizations supporting
the no campaign.
JEFFREY BROWN: The referendum
passed with
just 51 percent of the vote.
It authorizes constitutional
changes allowing
the president to directly name
government
ministers and other senior
officials, appoint
half the members of the
country's highest
judicial body, and declare
states of emergency
and issue decrees.
The outcome could also cement
Erdogan's hold
on power for more than a decade.
Throughout Turkey, reactions
were mixed.
MAN (through translator): It's
obvious that
a large part of the society
doesn't accept
this referendum.
WOMAN (through translator): I
don't know what
the new system will bring, but I
am happy
because the person I support has
become an
executive president.
JEFFREY BROWN: Erdogan says the
changes will
bring stability, in a country
battling the
Islamic State group and Kurdish
rebels.
Opponents say he will be able to
rule unchecked.
They also fear he will
reinstitute capital
punishment.
He's already carried out a
wide-ranging crackdown
since surviving a coup attempt
last summer.
The growing repression has
strained relations
with the European Union, a body
Turkey is
trying to join.
Germany's foreign minister
warned today the
referendum could make matters
worse.
SIGMAR GABRIEL, German Foreign
Minister (through
translator): We will only be
able to help
Turkey if the country stays on a
democratic
path.
For instance, the reintroduction
of death
penalty would be the end of the
negotiations
to enter the European Union.
JEFFREY BROWN: In Washington
today, the White
House said it awaits a final
report by international
observers.
And for more on this referendum
and what it
means, I'm joined by Steven Cook
of the Council
on Foreign Relations.
His forthcoming book is "False
Dawn: Protest,
Democracy, and Violence in the
New Middle
East."
And Kadir Ustun, the executive
director of
the Foundation for Political,
Economic and
Social Research, a Washington
think tank focused
on Turkey and U.S.-Turkey
relations.
Welcome to both of you.
Steven Cook, you wrote a
scathing response
to the vote.
It's provocatively entitled,
"Rest in Peace,
Turkey."
Do you see this as a kind of
existential threat
to Turkish democracy?
STEVEN COOK, Douglas Dillon
Fellow, Council
on Foreign Relations: Well, it
is certainly
the end of the modern Turkish
state that was
founded in the early 1920s.
We're moving on to something
else with President
Erdogan's accumulation of power.
That may be something new, but
also has echoes
in Turkey's past.
And that is, President Erdogan
has set things
up so that he has so much power,
he rules
almost like an Ottoman sultan.
JEFFREY BROWN: What do you see
in this, that
kind of power for President
Erdogan?
KADIR USTUN, Executive Director,
Foundation
for Political, Economic and
Social Research:
Well, this was a historic
referendum.
For the first time in modern
Turkish history,
the Turkish public, the
civilians are deciding
the form of government.
JEFFREY BROWN: As a positive.
So you see it as a positive step
potentially?
KADIR USTUN: Sure, yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: Because this was
needed?
KADIR USTUN: This was needed
because you had
two elected heads of government
with overlaps
and conflicts in their powers
and responsibilities
over each other.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, what about
that?
That's the argument that
President Erdogan
and his supporters have made,
that this was
necessary for the democracy to
actually go
forward.
STEVEN COOK: It's actually kind
of a funny
argument, because this was never
a problem
until a few years ago, actually
2011, when
President Erdogan, then Prime
Minister Erdogan,
declared that Turkey needed a
new constitution.
The Turkish prime minister had
been the head
of the government.
The locus of power had been with
the prime
minister.
The president had a number of
important powers,
but was supposed to be above
politics and
a statesman.
Once it was clear that Prime
Minister Erdogan
was going to move up to become
the president
of the republic, then this issue
became more
and more urgent for him and for
the ruling
Justice and Development Party.
JEFFREY BROWN: Let me ask you
both about the
size of the victory, because it
was actually
smaller than expected and I
think than Erdogan
and his supporters thought.
What does that tell you?
KADIR USTUN: An average of 52 to
53 percent
was expected.
So it's in that range.
But this was about the
referendum.
This was about the system
change.
When you ask about people's
votes, about their
parties, you will get similar
numbers to the
last election.
So you see that people didn't
really vote
along their party affiliations,
but more on
this particular change, whether
we should
go to a presidential system and
whether what
Erdogan is proposing is the way
to go.
And they voted yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: What do you see
in the lower
vote than expected?
STEVEN COOK: Well, it was an
extraordinarily
controversial move to
fundamentally alter
Turkey's political system.
And there is about half the
country that is
opposed to it.
And this is consistent with the
AKP era, the
Justice and Development Party
era, where President
Erdogan rules half of the
country that supports
him and seeks to intimidate the
other half
of the country.
There are allegations of
electoral -- questionable
electoral practices, I should
say.
And the opposition is calling
for an investigation
into it.
It's unlikely that anything is
going to change,
but it does suggest a deepening
of the polarization
of Turkish society.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, does it
suggest -- do
you see going forward that he
will have to
now reach out to opponents to be
more accommodating
or less so?
KADIR USTUN: Look, he has tried
many times
at parliamentary commission to
draft a whole
new civilian constitution,
failed because
of political realities.
And this was the product of a
deal between
the opposition nationalist
party, MHP, and
the A.K. party, and I don't see
this as changing
the system wholesale in a
desirable way.
JEFFREY BROWN: But what I'm
asking is, what
do you see changing the stance
of President
Erdogan?
Does he reach out to opponents?
Is he more accommodating to all
Turks, or
tougher?
KADIR USTUN: When you look at
the Turkish
political landscape, you see
identity policies,
these parties, Kurdish party,
nationalist
party, and CHP, are consolidated
, just as
A.K.
Party's votes are more or less
consolidated.
You have that kind of situation
in the Turkish
political landscape.
And that won't change all that
much.
And we're going to see in 2019,
when you have
the presidential and the general
elections
held on the same day, if there
will be significant
changes.
But I don't expect those votes
to change all
that much in the next election.
JEFFREY BROWN: And what about
the Turkish
relationship with the West,
especially the
U.S.?
What should the response be from
the U.S.?
STEVEN COOK: Well, there's a
difference between
what should the response be and
what the reality
is likely to be.
I think that the Obama
administration over
the course of eight years was
too quiet about
the excesses of Prime Minister
and then President
Erdogan and the deepening
authoritarianism
of Turkey.
It strikes me that President
Trump will accommodate
himself to this outcome, because
his priorities
lie with fighting the Islamic
State.
And, of course, the United
States looks to
Turkey as an ally in that fight.
JEFFREY BROWN: And, briefly,
what do you think
the U.S. response should be and
Europe?
KADIR USTUN: In relations with
the U.S. particularly
-- that's what I'm focused on --
there are
significant strategic
differences, especially
with the U.S. support for the
YPG in Northern
Syria, the groups that are
fighting ISIS,
and that -- they are linked to
PKK.
And that's a significant problem
in U.S.-Turkey
relations and on several other
relations.
But I think both sides will need
Trump administration.
Turks see Trump administration
as a new opportunity.
And they will need to talk more
on this.
And there have been talks.
And we see the lessening of
those tensions.
In the coming years, I do expect
that to move
to a better place.
But in terms of this
authoritarianism argument,
I find it overly simplistic and
sort of easy
explanation, oh, Turkey is
authoritarian.
That doesn't answer the question
about why
50 percent are voting for this
party and Erdogan.
JEFFREY BROWN: All right, we
will leave it
there and we will watch going
forward.
Kadir Ustun and Steven Cook,
thank you both
very much.
STEVEN COOK: Thank you.
KADIR USTUN: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us,
coming up on
the "NewsHour": a murder posted
online, a
killer still at large; and a
world in disarray,
a selection from the "NewsHour"
Bookshelf.
But first: an unlikely
innovation from an
unusual innovator.
Special correspondent Fred de
Sam Lazaro has
the story of one man who has
made it his mission
to bring affordable hygiene
products to women
in India.
Its part of our series Agents
for Change.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Arunachalam
Muruganantham
says he was a born tinkerer,
obsessed with
figuring out how things worked,
from toys
to bicycles.
He grew up in poverty after his
father died
young, dropped out of school and
became a
welder, a lower-middle-class
occupation in
India.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM,
Inventor: To support
my mother, I stop my schooling.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: But his
natural curiosity
apparently knew no bounds.
Years later, it took him into a
strictly taboo
area in India's tradition-bound
society: menstrual
hygiene.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: We
are able to
break the taboo, and using it.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: He's become
known as India's
pad man.
Your goal is to have every woman
in this country
use sanitary pads, if they need
it?
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: Yes,
it's a movement.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: A movement
begun by a
man who knew almost nothing
about the female
body until after he was married.
You didn't even know what
menstruation at
all.
You had no idea what it was.
Is that correct?
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: Yes,
I don't know
when it is happening, how it is
happening,
even why it is happening.
I don't know.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: And, he
says, his wife,
Shanthi, wasn't particularly
interested in
discussing it.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: It's
the biggest
taboo.
Wife never talks to husband.
Daughter never talks to mother.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: That comes
at a high cost
in public health.
Some experts say millions of
girls across
the developing world miss school
during their
periods and remain susceptible
to infection
throughout adulthood.
Sanitary pads are widely
advertised in India,
but surveys suggest only about
one in 10 women
actually uses them.
At first, Muruganantham
suggested them to
his wife.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: I
asked simply,
there is some products in the
market.
Why you're not using that?
She instantly told, I also know
about that,
but we have to cut our family
milk budget.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Milk budget?
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: Yes.
Then I find it's a matter of
affordability.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: He could
afford one package
of sanitary pads and gave it to
Shanthi as
a gift, partly to find out how
they were made
and why they had to be so
expensive.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: The
white substance
inside is a cotton.
The raw material cost of the
cotton is a few
pennies.
But I bought the product for
dollars.
Then, even being illiterate, I
thought, why
not try to make an affordable
pad for my wife?
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Over the
next few years,
he tried, using local cotton, to
replicate
the commercial pads.
His wife suffered through early
prototypes
that didn't work and went back
to using a
rag.
Muruganantham then coaxed some
female medical
students to try his subsequent
models, figuring
the future doctors would be less
shy.
And he even began wearing a pad
himself, creating
an artificial uterus and rubber
bladder, coaxing
a local butcher to provide the
raw material,
and testing it out while he rode
a bicycle.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: I
filled goat blood,
animal blood in it.
I tied on my hip.
There is a tube connection to
the napkin and
the bladder.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Shanthi had
had enough.
SHANTHI MURUGANANTHAM, Wife of
Arunachalam
Muruganantham (through
translator): Everyone
in the village was saying he'd
gone off his
head.
I was truly afraid.
People said he had become like a
vampire,
that he was doing crazy things.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: She
asked me to,
"I want to go my parents' home
for a few days."
She never came back.
And third month, I got a divorce
notice from
my wife.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: She filed
for divorce?
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: Yes.
I got a divorce notice.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: His mother,
who lived
in the home, also left him.
But his curiosity didn't leave
him.
He called an American supplier
posing as an
industrialist in his hometown of
Coimbatore
looking to branch out into
feminine hygiene
products.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: Then
I claim myself,
I'm a mill owner in Coimbatore.
Please send some samples.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: The samples
arrived and,
one day, when he wasn't home,
his dog tore
into them.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: She
took the courier
cover.
She scratches it.
Oh, my God, I saw the secret:
the fiber.
You can see the fiber.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: So, the dog
opened this
for you?
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM:
Opened it.
She scratches it with the anger.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: It was
cellulose, he discovered,
that, when scratched vigorously,
becomes sponge-like
and highly absorbent.
It took two years to perfect a
machine to
fluff up the cellulose, he said,
a modified
food blender in which the blades
have to be
angled just so.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: It
got a prestigious
award from Indian Institute of
Technology
as the best innovation.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: It's simple,
easily replicated,
and can be modified to work
without electricity,
he says.
The pads can be made and sold
for a fraction
of the commercial varieties.
This is the model for how
Muruganantham would
like to see his product
distributed, thousands
of small factories run by groups
of women
producing these sanitary pads at
very low
cost and selling them directly
to women.
Women are far more comfortable
buying the
pads from women directly, rather
than from
a store, Muruganantham says.
Feminine hygiene is not
discussed in open
company.
Our own questions elicited
nervous laughter
from the very women making them,
even as they
praised their product.
SHANTI UDAYKUMAR, Factory Worker
(through
translator): There's definitely
benefit.
Before, we were using only
cloth, and it was
very difficult.
Now girls don't have that
difficulty.
It was much easier for them than
it was for
us.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO:
Muruganantham is determined
to change this.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: I
want to make
this as a low-cost sanitary pad
movement across
the globe.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Helped by
awards and his
own advocacy, more than 4,000
small factories
have started making his sanitary
pads across
India, each with its own local
branding and
language.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: Malar
is meaning
of flower.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: He gets no
royalties from
any of this.
His workshop does sell the
machines, enough
to earn him a modest living.
But nothing is patented.
He wants others to copy or even
improve the
machines and methods.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: The
world has a
shortage of solution providers.
Everybody want to be in the
"Forbes" list.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Everybody
want to be in
the "Forbes" list.
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM:
"Forbes" list.
Nobody want to be a solution
provider.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: In the end,
Shanthi decided
her husband was a solution
provider.
She returned after a five-year
separation,
somewhat sheepishly, she admits.
SHANTHI MURUGANANTHAM (through
translator):
They had his interview on TV
that he had discovered
sanitary napkins.
So I called him, and then I came
back.
He was angry.
I told him I didn't want to get
in his way.
That's why I stepped aside.
Now we are happy.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Happy for
what her husband's
work may mean for young girls
like their 8-year-old
daughter, Phrithisri (ph).
ARUNACHALAM MURUGANANTHAM: The
strongest creature
created by God in this world,
not the tiger,
not the elephant, not the lion
-- the women.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: If any man
doubts this,
he says, see how long you can
endure a sanitary
pad in your daily routine.
For the "PBS NewsHour," this is
Fred de Sam
Lazaro in Coimbatore, India.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Fred's reporting
is a partnership
with the Under-Told Stories
Project at University
of St. Thomas in Minnesota.
A cold-blooded murder posted on
Facebook on
Sunday set off shock and strong
reactions
across social media and beyond
today, as the
manhunt for the killer
intensified.
John Yang has the story.
JOHN YANG: The 57-second video
shows a man
identified as Steve Stephens
driving the streets
of Cleveland while talking on
the phone.
He then steps from the car and
confronts Robert
Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old
retired foundry
worker, a father of nine and a
grandfather
of 14, and shoots Godwin dead.
The online killing reportedly
remained on
the site for nearly three hours
before Facebook
removed it.
In a statement late today, the
company said
that the video has "no place on
Facebook and
goes against our policies and
everything we
stand for."
The company said it's reviewing
how it operates
'to be sure people can report
videos that
violate our standards as quickly
as possible."
This episode raises fresh
questions about
the role and responsibility of
social media
sites like Facebook.
Before the latest statement, I
spoke with
Emily Dreyfuss, a senior staff
writer at "Wired"
magazine.
I began by asking her what
Facebook could
do.
EMILY DREYFUSS, "Wired": First
of all, you
know, it is true that Facebook
is working
very hard to keep videos like
this off of
its site.
It's easy in a moment like this
to say, you
know, this is absurd that it was
on Facebook
for even three hours.
But the fact is that a large
apparatus of
content moderation and work went
into the
effort to be able to even get
the video down
after three hours.
And in order for it to be
removed, that means
that people on Facebook had to
flag it as
inappropriate, and then that
flag had to be
sent to people that Facebook
employs all over
the world to get rid of content
like this.
And they took it down.
And, sometimes, this can take up
to 48 hours.
So, three hours here is not even
long in the
scheme of things.
Now, Facebook could do more.
And they are working hard to
figure out what
they can do.
One of those things would be to
use A.I. and
allow artificial intelligence to
help humans
who are having to flag this sort
of terrible,
gruesome material so that we
don't see it.
One of the problems is that A.I.
is not really
necessarily ready and up to the
task of that
yet, so Facebook is still trying
to figure
out how to make this work.
JOHN YANG: I want to make sure I
understand.
They rely on Facebook users to
flag these
things, or do they have people
on their staff
watching videos being uploaded?
EMILY DREYFUSS: So, they don't
have people
on staff who are watching videos
as they're
uploaded.
What they have, they employ --
Facebook employs
hundreds of thousands of people
who they call
content moderators, whose job is
to just watch
videos like this and, if they
see something
inappropriate, to take them
down.
However, these people are not
watching them
before the video hits the Web
site.
They're watching them after a
video has been
uploaded, and then after someone
like you
or me or anyone else on Facebook
has flagged
that video as potentially being
inappropriate.
At that moment, that video will
then get sent
to this team of content
moderators who will
look at it.
Right now, Facebook doesn't have
a system
in place to look at the video
and to moderate
it and to decide what's on it
and whether
it's appropriate before it hits
the Web site.
Now, that is something they
could decide to
do, but that would radically
change what Facebook
is as we know it.
JOHN YANG: Talk about that.
Rapid change what Facebook is as
we know it.
They try to be -- they want to
be crowdsourcing
content.
They want to have raw, emotional
videos like
this.
EMILY DREYFUSS: Yes.
JOHN YANG: But, at the same
time, they don't
want to cross the line, it seems
to me.
So how do they define what they
do and what
they are?
EMILY DREYFUSS: Yes, so this is
an incredibly
difficult challenge, not just
for Facebook,
but for society at large, for us
to decide
what is and is not OK to be
shared on social
media platforms.
Now, Facebook has resisted calls
to say that
it is a media company, like PBS
or "Wired."
Now, we, as journalists, have
guidelines for
how to deal with what kind of
content is appropriate
that we would put on TV or in
our magazine.
Facebook, by refusing to call
itself a media
company, tries to take
responsibility away
from itself and say, look,
rather than being
a media company, we are actually
a mirror
on society, and we're going to
reflect society
at its best and at its worst.
Now, what we saw yesterday with
Steve Stephens'
video was clearly society at its
worst.
But this is a huge, huge
challenge.
And what Facebook wants to do is
encourage
people to upload video.
And it says it wants to
encourage people to
upload emotional, raw, intense
video, and
it is succeeding.
That's part of its business
model.
But if it goes too far and
allows videos like
this one to show up on people's
timelines,
it will also destroy itself,
because you and
I are not going to continue to
log into Facebook
if when we go on to see videos
or pictures
of our nieces and nephews, if we
accidentally
come upon a video of a gruesome,
horrific
homicide.
So, Facebook has an incentive to
not make
us not want to upload things,
which they may
do if they were to censor us.
You can imagine the outcry of
people on Facebook
if you went to upload a video,
and it didn't
show up right away because
Facebook was waiting
to approve it.
People wouldn't like that
either, but nor
do we like having videos like
this in our
timeline.
So, it's a really tough
challenge for them
to walk that line.
JOHN YANG: And also -- we have
about a minute
left.
They're also trying to bolster
their Facebook
Live feature.
EMILY DREYFUSS: Yes.
JOHN YANG: Now, this was a video
that was
posted, although this man did
use Facebook
Live to talk about what he did.
What's this going to do to their
efforts to
boost Facebook Live?
EMILY DREYFUSS: Yes.
With Facebook Live, what was, as
we were describing,
as a very difficult challenge
becomes almost
impossible.
Unless they were to put Facebook
Live on a
delay, and it would cease to be
live, there
is no way that they can avoid
things like
this from hitting the site.
And it's honestly a miracle that
homicides
and horrible, gruesome violence
have not been
already used in that way.
That's something that Facebook
has to know,
and it's deciding that it can
depend on its
users to flag content soon
enough to take
it down.
But it is definitely taking that
risk in order
to push this product that is
live.
JOHN YANG: Emily Dreyfuss on the
tough questions
that new technology is providing
us.
Emily Dreyfuss, thanks for
joining us.
EMILY DREYFUSS: Thanks, John.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now: why a
special congressional
election in Georgia is getting
national attention.
Protesters demand to see the
president's tax
returns, but do most Americans
care?
And does President Trump's
travel indicate
his priorities?
We look at all this in Politics
Monday with
Amy Walter of The Cook Political
Report and
Tamara Keith of NPR.
And welcome to both of you.
So, Amy, we are looking at this
congressional
-- special congressional
election tomorrow.
Democrats think they have a
chance.
AMY WALTER, The Cook Political
Report: They
think they have a chance.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Do they have a
chance?
AMY WALTER: They absolutely do.
Here's the thing about this
district.
We talked a little bit about it
last week,
but it's suburban Atlanta
district, very wealthy,
very well-educated.
This is a Republican district,
but this is
not Trump country.
This is a district that Mitt
Romney won by
20 points.
This is a district that the
Congress , Republican
Congressman Tom Price, who is
now the HHS
secretary, easily carried, but
Trump only
won by less than two points.
This is the kind of district
that Democrats
think they can win when the
president -- this
becomes a referendum on the
president and
his popularity much more so than
about the
Democrats.
So, we're going to get a really
interesting
test of that.
Also helping the Democrat in
this race are
the fact there are 11
Republicans, so that
field is very fractured, and
they're also
fighting each other, and the
fact that the
Democrat is benefiting from
national excitement
about this race.
He's raised a ton of money, and
enthusiasm
among the Democratic base, while
the Republican
base not quite as enthusiastic.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, these are the
factors at
play here.
So, this is different from the
Kansas race
that we watched last week.
TAMARA KEITH, National Public
Radio: This
is, because it's closer.
It's not Kansas.
It's the suburbs of Atlanta.
And the Democratic candidate has
been able
to sort of consolidate
Democratic support.
And the Republicans are sort of
fighting each
other as much as they're
fighting him.
He -- this Democrat, Jon Ossoff,
is an interesting
candidate.
He's a young person, not really
any political
experience.
He's running for Congress for
the first time.
He raised a loft money,
something like $8
million, but most of that came
from outside
of the district; 95 percent of
it, according
to the Center for Responsive
Politics, came
from outside of the district, 80
percent of
it from outside of the state.
So what this says is that this
is a proxy
war.
This is Democrats all over the
United States
looking at this as an
opportunity to send
a message.
This becomes about President
Trump and about
the message they can send, and
less about
sort of the local issues that
this could be
about.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, you both
have covered
politics all over the country.
But, Amy, I read something
today.
They were saying that -- making
the point
that Democrats are spending a
lot of money
on television and online, on
ads, but they're
not putting enough into actually
turning out
the vote, the so-called
get-out-the-vote effort.
Is this a factor here?
Are Democrats doing...
AMY WALTER: Yes, although I am
-- you're sort
of seeing both things, the
Democrats, the
committee that is responsible
for electing
congressional Democrats, putting
more people
now on the ground in districts,
saying, we
understand that we need to do
more to motivate
our base to get out.
We have to go literally touch
them, rather
than to just put ads.
But the fact is, this Democrat
has -- as Tam
pointed out, he has over $8
million, maybe
close to $10 million.
It's getting spent everywhere in
this congressional
district.
And I think this is what we're
going to be
looking for, whether the
president's low approval
ratings and the lack of
enthusiasm from Republicans,
fired-up Democratic base, they
send a warning
signal to Republicans.
If a Democrat wins here, I think
if you're
a Republican up in 2018, you
say, uh-oh.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And it gives
heart to Democrats
if he wins, clearly.
TAMARA KEITH: Yes, potentially,
if he wins.
And, of course, this is just the
primary.
It's sort of a jungle primary.
So if he gets more than 50
percent, he wins.
If he doesn't, there's another
race.
There's a general election which
will be a
more traditional race, where the
Democrat
can go after the Republican, and
the Republican
can go after the Democrat,
though the Republicans
have been able to train their
fire pretty
much right at Jon Ossoff because
he has consolidated
the support.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, we're looking
at kind of
a rise of Democratic energy
across the country.
We have been talking about it
for the last
couple of months.
But, Amy, and one other way we
looked at this
weekend -- and we mentioned it a
minute ago
-- were these rallies across the
country,
marches pointing out the
president -- Tax
Day is coming up tomorrow, but
President Trump
hasn't released his tax returns.
The question is, though, is that
something
that gets people excited or
disturbed?
Is this something that matters?
AMY WALTER: It certainly is
motivating to
the Democratic base.
And I think, for a lot of
voters, the issues
of transparency is very
important.
Despite the fact that the
president said nobody
cares about his taxes, I think a
lot of people
care that he didn't release his
taxes.
The question issue is whether it
is the most
important issue to voters.
And it was not the most
important issue when
they decided to support the
president.
I think the challenge for the
president right
now is actually getting
something accomplished.
And this is why you're seeing
Republican enthusiasm
wane.
It's the sense of frustration.
I talk to a lot of Republicans
who say, man,
we have the House, we have the
Senate, we
have the White House.
We still can't get things done.
I think the bigger challenge for
the president
will be if a tax reform bill
doesn't pass,
more so than whether he releases
his taxes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, by the way,
the treasury
secretary, Tam, said today that
they do not
intend or don't anticipate
getting a tax reform
plan out there before the August
recess, which
is late in the summer.
TAMARA KEITH: That's right.
And based on everything we have
seen leading
up to this point, it doesn't
look like they
have found sort of cohesion on
what they want
on the Republican side.
The House wants something
different than the
Senate.
And the White House, I think,
has some internal
divisions even about what the
Trump administration
wants.
So, tax reform is a really big
thing.
It hasn't happened since 1986,
and it took
them, I think, about six years
to get it.
I mean, it took more than...
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Some of us
covered that.
And it was complicated and took
a long time.
TAMARA KEITH: Yes, a very long
time.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
TAMARA KEITH: And there was some
level of
bipartisan horse-trading that is
not currently
happening between the president
and Congress.
And if his own party doesn't
agree, that presents
a challenge.
AMY WALTER: Yes.
And that's #governingishard.
And I think that's what
Republicans are finding
out right now, is that, even
though they have
all the levers of power, they
have -- they
remain incredibly divided.
And to me, the most interesting
number that
came out today was a Pew poll
that asked of
Democrats and Republicans, do
you think your
party is mostly united or mostly
divided?
Overwhelming majority of
Republicans said,
I think our party is divided.
Overwhelming majority of
Democrats said, I
think we're united.
And you're seeing these
divisions.
We saw it most recently with the
health care.
And you're going to see it on
taxes, too.
JUDY WOODRUFF: OK, less than a
minute.
Quickly to Tam on this, a story
today that
the president has done less
traveling both
in the U.S. and abroad than both
of his predecessors,
Obama and George W. Bush.
Does that say something that
should tell us
anything about whether he's
going to be successful
or not?
TAMARA KEITH: I don't know if
it's a predictor
of success.
What it does tell us is, those
predecessors,
they were campaigning.
They were out pushing for policy
proposals.
President Obama was out there
holding town
halls, trying to build support
for his stimulus
package, and President Bush was
out there
trying to build support for No
Child Left
Behind and for his tax cut
proposal.
President Trump had about a
17-day period
where he could have gone out to
push for the
health care bill, but it was
very much in
flux and it wasn't even clear.
He held a couple of rallies and
didn't really
campaign for it.
So, he's not had the policies to
go out and
sell to the public.
And that might be part, though
it's not clear,
of why he has spent less time.
AMY WALTER: Yes.
He likes to speak to his base.
He likes to preach to his choir,
rather than
convert new groups.
So, his travel schedule is much
more like
comfort food than it is an
attempt to broaden
his base.
And that is going to be a much
bigger challenge
for the president going forward,
because,
as we have seen, his approval
rating right
now right about 40 percent.
He can't survive just at 40
percent or get
big things done with that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right, I'm
getting my head
wrapped around comfort food
right now.
(LAUGHTER)
AMY WALTER: Sounds good, doesn't
it?
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Amy Walter,
Tamara Keith, thank
you both, Politics Monday.
Thank you.
AMY WALTER: You're welcome.
TAMARA KEITH: You're welcome.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now a former
American diplomat
takes a candid look at the state
of international
affairs today.
It's the latest addition to the
"NewsHour"
Bookshelf.
Margaret Warner is back with
that.
MARGARET WARNER: President Trump
has discovered
in his first 100 days that the
world is as
messy and menacing to U.S.
interests as he
contended during the campaign,
and much more
difficult for Washington to
manage.
This is the product of forces
driving the
world apart for nearly three
decades since
the end of the Cold War.
That's the theme of a new book
by Richard
Haass, "A World in Disarray:
American Foreign
Policy and the Crisis of the Old
Order."
President of the Council on
Foreign Relations,
Haass served in senior foreign
policy positions
in the administrations of both
Presidents
Bush.
And, Richard Haass, welcome.
RICHARD HAASS, Author, "A World
in Disarray:
American Foreign Policy and the
Crisis of
the Old Order": Thank you.
MARGARET WARNER: So, as you and
I both recall,
at the end of the Cold War, we
in the West
had this surge of optimism; a
new era of international
cooperation was at hand.
Instead, you write in your book,
we're seeing
a declining sense of order.
Was that inevitable?
RICHARD HAASS: Turns out not.
Very little about history is
inevitable.
In part, though, we reflect, at
the end of
the Cold War, you had two
centers of power
controlling things.
Now we have any numbers of
players on the
field, lots of capacity in lots
of hands.
The United States, to some
extent, has arguably
made things worse, both by
things we have
done, the 2003 Iraq War,
possibly going into
Libya, and things we haven't
done, not responding
to Syria's chemical weapons use
four years
ago, not following up the Libya
invasion.
And then you have globalization,
the fact
that so much is traveling, the
quantity and
the speed across borders, and
the world simply
hasn't caught up.
If anything, the gap is getting
larger.
So, all this makes for a world
in disarray.
MARGARET WARNER: In disarray.
You write at one point in the
book, I think
close to the end, that -- and,
as you just
said, action has consequences,
but so does
inaction.
And you counsel against drift.
So, with that in mind, I mean,
what could
President Trump do that's new
about the conflict
in Syria?
RICHARD HAASS: Well, I think he
has to avoid
both too much and too little.
To simply wash our hands of it,
we have seen,
would be a mistake.
We saw the refugee flows into
Europe.
You have got all sorts of
terrorists.
On the other hand, we're not
going to transform
Syria into a democracy anytime
soon.
We're not going to be able to
get rid of the
government of Bashar al-Assad
anytime soon.
So, what I would do is focus on
going after
ISIS.
We're going to liberate some
territory.
Let's make sure we can, with
others, make
sure any liberated territory
remains safe,
so people can go back there.
We don't want to have a
situation where we
win the battle and lose the war.
And we want to slowly begin a
diplomatic process,
work with the U.N., and even
with Russia,
however strained that
relationship is, to
begin the process of saying, how
do we move
Syria towards a government that
it can live
in peace with its own people?
MARGARET WARNER: At the nub of a
lot of the
crises that are confronting this
new president,
let's take Syria, Ukraine, North
Korea, it
seems to me, what you really
have are tensions
between ourselves and two newly
assertive
powers, old powers, Russia and
China.
Are we moving to a tripolar
world, in which
these three countries will all
have client
states?
Or is it even messier than that?
RICHARD HAASS: On one level,
it's messier
than that, because globalization
is a problem.
We have medium states, the
Irans, the North
Koreas.
You have groups like ISIS.
I'm actually, though, not that
worried about
what you suggest, Margaret.
I think Russia is a
one-dimensional power,
largely military force,
obviously cyber too.
They do things in the Middle
East and in Europe.
But we can also push back.
We can strengthen NATO.
I think Mr. Putin is not going
to use large
amounts of military force if he
realizes it's
going to be costly and
potentially unpopular
back at home.
China's not a revolutionary
power in many
ways like, say, Russia.
China's integrated in the region
and in the
world economically.
It doesn't much like the North
Koreans.
I think the real question is
what they're
prepared to do about it.
But I actually think that China
could something
of a partner of the United
States.
And, by the way, we should hope
so.
It's a very different 21st
century if the
United States and China can work
together.
MARGARET WARNER: But, I mean,
every past president,
at least the last two, have been
talking about
getting China to do more on
North Korea.
What leverage does the new
president have
that the others didn't?
RICHARD HAASS: Well, China
doesn't want to
see the United States use
military force there,
and no other president until
Donald Trump
faced a very stark reality,
that, on his watch,
China -- North Korea is going to
be able to
put nuclear weapons on missiles
that can reach
the United States, and threaten
the lives
of millions of Americans.
This now -- this thing has
drifted since the
presidency, what, of Bill
Clinton.
This is a very different
situation.
This is an urgency now, and
China has to know
that simply allowing things to
drift is no
longer a viable option.
What I don't know, Margaret, is
how much of
the leverage they deny they have
that you
and I know they really have are
they prepared
to use.
MARGARET WARNER: Another place
in this book,
you make the comment that,
really, at the
turn of the 20th to 21st
centuries -- quote
-- "The great powers were not so
great anymore."
Do you think Americans realize
that?
Do you think this is something
that -- kind
of a new world order, or just
sort of that
we have to get used to?
RICHARD HAASS: I'm not sure we
realize it,
but it's real, and in part
because there's
so many things going on out
there that we
can't control.
But, also, look at what we have
done in things
like Iraq and Afghanistan, those
massive interventions,
and even those two places, we
couldn't control.
So, there ought to be a bit of
humility.
But I do think you have also put
your finger
on a big, big issue, which is,
what is the
relationship the United States
and the world?
We can't control things.
We're still the single most
important country.
What we do and don't do, what --
how we define
success in the world, more than
anything else,
will make a difference, because
we know the
world left to its own devices
doesn't sort
itself out.
MARGARET WARNER: Do you think
the American
public, though, is ready to
continue shouldering
that responsibility?
RICHARD HAASS: I'm concerned
that we're not.
I think there's a degree of
fatigue after
Iraq and after Afghanistan.
I think there's some
misunderstanding about
how much it costs for us.
If you look at the inaugural
speech, the president
talked about it.
But what we're spending on
defense is only
a fraction of what we spent
during the Cold
War.
We can have our cake and eat it.
We can have the guns we need, we
can have
the butter, we can have the
domestic policy
we need.
We have got to understand that
what we do
in the world is not only good
for the world;
it's good for us.
It's not a form of philanthropy;
it's a form
of national security.
MARGARET WARNER: And that's a
case any president
has to make.
RICHARD HAASS: Has to make.
MARGARET WARNER: Richard Haass,
thank you
so much.
RICHARD HAASS: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online right
now, read an appreciation of a
Danish writer
whose poems celebrate the beauty
of farming
and working the earth.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
On Tuesday: the controversy over
new plans
for student loans from the
Department of Education.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.